Add SSE-KMS and bucket owner verification docs (#10060)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/snapshots/create-repository.md

| `disable_chunked_encoding`                  | Disables chunked encoding for compatibility with some storage services. Default is `false`. Optional.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `max_restore_bytes_per_sec`                 | The maximum rate at which snapshots restore. Default is 40 MB per second (`40m`). Optional.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | `max_snapshot_bytes_per_sec`                | The maximum rate at which snapshots take. Default is 40 MB per second (`40m`). Optional.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `max_snapshot_bytes_per_sec`                | The maximum rate at which snapshots are taken. Default is 40 MB per second (`40m`). Optional.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
```

| `storage_class`                             | Specifies the [S3 storage class](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/storage-class-intro.html) for the snapshots files. Default is `standard`. Do not use the `glacier` and `deep_archive` storage classes. Optional.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | `server_side_encryption_type`               | Specifies the S3 server-side encryption types. Supported values are `AES256` ([SSE-S3](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingServerSideEncryption.html), `aws:kms` ([SSE-KMS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingKMSEncryption.html)), and `bucket_default` ([bucket default encryption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/bucket-encryption.html). Defaults to `bucket_default`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `server_side_encryption_type`               | Specifies the S3 server-side encryption types. Supported values are `AES256` ([SSE-S3](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingServerSideEncryption.html), `aws:kms` ([SSE-KMS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingKMSEncryption.html)), and `bucket_default` ([bucket default encryption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/bucket-encryption.html). Default is `bucket_default`. |
```

| `server_side_encryption_bucket_key_enabled` | Specifies if [S3 Bucket Keys](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/bucket-key.html) should be used when using [S3 SSE-KMS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingKMSEncryption.html). Optional.                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `server_side_encryption_encryption_context` | Specifies any additional [Encryption Context](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingKMSEncryption.html#encryption-context) should be used when using [S3 SSE-KMS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingKMSEncryption.html). This setting value must be formatted as a JSON object. Optional.                                                                                                            |

> | `expected_bucket_owner`                     | Specifies the AWS account id of the expected S3 bucket owner. This setting can be used for [Verifying Bucket Ownership](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/bucket-owner-condition.html). Optional.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `expected_bucket_owner`                     | Specifies the AWS account ID of the expected S3 bucket owner. This setting can be used for [verifying bucket ownership](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/bucket-owner-condition.html). Optional.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

For the `base_path` parameter, do not enter the `s3://` prefix when entering your S3 bucket details. Only the name of the bucket is required.
{: .note}

> The `server_side_encryption` setting is removed as of OpenSearch 3.1.0. S3 applies server-side encryption as the base level of encryption for all S3 buckets. As this cannot be disabled, this value repository setting had no effect. For more information, see: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/serv-side-encryption.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `server_side_encryption` setting is removed as of OpenSearch 3.1.0. S3 applies server-side encryption as the base level of encryption for all S3 buckets. Because this cannot be disabled, this value repository setting had no effect. For more information, see [Protecting data with server-side encryption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/serv-side-encryption.html).
```

```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> The following request registers a new S3 repository called `my-opensearch-repo` in an existing bucket called `my-open-search-bucket`. By default, all snapshots are stored in the `my/snapshot/directory`. Additionally, this repository is configured to use [SSE-KMS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingKMSEncryption.html#encryption-context), and the expected bucket owner AWS account id is `123456789000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following request registers a new S3 repository called `my-opensearch-repo` in an existing bucket called `my-open-search-bucket`. By default, all snapshots are stored in the `my/snapshot/directory`. Additionally, this repository is configured to use [SSE-KMS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingKMSEncryption.html#encryption-context), and the expected bucket owner AWS account ID is `123456789000`.
```
